Update tasks.md to include all tasks (#26)
w3c/wai-arrm: content/acknowledgements.md

doc-note-message-md: This is an in-progress draft.

lang: en   # Change "en" to the translated-language shortcode from https://www.iana.org/assignments/language-subtag-registry/language-subtag-registry

> last_updated: 2025-02-28   # Put the date of this translation YYYY-MM-DD (with month in the middle)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
last_updated: 2025-03-06   # Put the date of this translation YYYY-MM-DD (with month in the middle)
```

# description:  @@ a 150ish-character-description for social media   # translate the description
# image: @@ /content-images/wai-arrm/social.png

footer: >   # Translate words below, including "Date:" and "Editor:" Translate the Working Group name. Leave the Working Group acronym in English. Do *not* change the dates in the footer below.

>    <p><strong>Date:</strong> Draft updated 6 March 2025.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
